hey guys space case here I've decided
I'm gonna do a little video build thread
of my Toyota it's mostly stock right now
it's got some bf G's some random wheels
not sure what they are thirty twos at
the moment pulled the carpet out pull
the doors off Corbeau seeds just lap
belts at the moment stock steering wheel
this is going to become my rock krawler
build so it's gonna have some trill
damage as it already does at the moment
I am getting ready to put an exhaust
system on it so started got the manifold
pulled off I'm not sure if you can see
that anyway manifold is pulled off the
rest of the exhaust is out getting ready
to install this got a trail gear Rock
Ripper header it's going into a down the
exhaust kit that I bought it's two and a
half inch it's all stainless up until
after the cat Magnaflow mom muffler by
downy alright here's the new header
running down there it's got a two and a
quarter collector on it
I've got it going into tuna 1/2 inch
piping
opted to keep the cat in tact with both
o2 sensors
muffler back here
and crappy little tip um
this thing's a lot more ricey than I
thought it would be the two and a half
inch piping maybe should have done two
and a quarter and what I've read online
but I got a good deal on the downy kit
so not super worried about it but anyway
fire it up this huge stink
see if we can get this
definitely I see anyway that's my hoopty
with a new rice II exhaust system
hopefully I'll get some extra power out
of this thing regardless of how it
sounds but I don't think it looks too
bad anyway this is the end of part one
stay tuned
you